### ```ncdump_var``` and ```ncdump_model_comp```

---

The ```ncdump_var``` script is meant to make adding variables to the ```config.yaml``` file easier by grabbing all variables from the h0 files and automatically formatting them to copy and paste into the ```config.yaml```. 

This is acheived by grabbing all variables in the h0 file that are floats (can change/update for other data types) using ```ncdump``` and ```grep```. In the ```config.yaml``` the variable names must have a specified amount of spaces and ```-``` to run properly.

Example layout of ```config.yaml```:
```
diag_var_list:
    - SWCF
    - LWCF
    - PRECC
    - PRECL
    - PSL
    - Q
    - TREFHT
    - TS
```

The output of the ```ncdump_var``` will match that exactly so the user only has to open the created text file, copy all (or some) of the contents and paste in the ```config.yaml``` under the ``` diag_var_list``` section at the bottom of the file. The output is a plain ```.txt``` file.

For ```ncdump_var``` there are 2 required arguments and 1 optional:

arg 1: case name - ie ```f.c6_3_41.FWscHIST.ne30_L58_exner.001```

arg 2: case dataset path - ie ```/glade/scratch/hannay/archive/```

arg 3 (optional): path to save the variable list file - ie ```f.c6_3_41.FWscHIST.ne30_L58_exner.001/```

```
CASE1_PATH=/glade/scratch/hannay/archive/
CASE1=f.c6_3_41.FWscHIST.ne30_L58_exner.001
SAVE_PATH=${CASE1}/
ncdump_var ${CASE1} ${CASE1_PATH} ${SAVE_PATH}
```

---
### Running ADF for two model cases that have different variables

Currently (2022/04/14), The ADF will give an error and exit the script if there are variables in the test case that don't exist in the control/baseline case. Running the ```ncdump_model_comp``` for both model cases will grab only the variables that are in commmon to both cases. 

For this script, both variable list text files need to be generated. Similarly to above, the second case variable list text file can be generated by running:

```
CASE2_PATH=/path/if/different/than/CASE1_PATH/
CASE2=f.e21.FWscHIST.ne30_L48_BL10_cam6_3_041_control.hf.001
ncdump_var ${CASE2} ${CASE2_PATH} ${SAVE_PATH}
```

The ```ncdump_model_comp``` script will search through the two variable list files and make a new text file that will contain only the matched formatted variable names. Then the user can simply open the ```case_matched_var_list.txt``` file, copy the contents and paste it into the ```config.yaml``` file.

For ```ncdump_model_comp``` there is only one required argument:

arg 1: path that has the two variable list text files - ie ```f.c6_3_41.FWscHIST.ne30_L58_exner.001/```

```
ncdump_model_comp ${SAVE_PATH}
```
